[Music]
one day mommy dropped me off at daddy's
apartment and when she drove away she
threw a bag of my clothes out of the car
window that's how I started living at
daddy's place that was about four months
ago I don't think that he ever really
got his feelings or his manhood back
after mommy told him to leave he still
hasn't unpacked everything and instead
he will come home from for his lunch
break and just have scotch and he also
he had some of its got you after work I
sometimes get up enough nerve to ask for
MacDonald but he always says the same
thing that the kitchen still has hoops
in it one time I asked and he tossed me
his whole wallet but he said just go
ahead take all of it why don't you all
take all of my fucking money okay just
do it then he started crying and even if
I got him to stop how would I eat out
one happy meal please at the
drive-through without it seeming like a
really tasteless thing today he also
throws a lot of things when I'm going to
bed
we have a little TV but there's no cable
or even revenues so I came up with a
plan to explain to daddy that if I could
start doing video game reviews for
websites it would earn me my own
McDonald's money and gas money for him
to drive me there a week later he went
to the fish store and came home with it
but it never knew when the lid was
closed I told him it's broken and he
probably punched me because I woke up on
the floor and he made a second trip to
the fish store and he still my beating
heart is that the banana color of the
Donkey Kong 64 cartridge I hooked it up
and okay you tell me how you even begin
to explain the mandatory Ram expansion
packs of DK 64 paradigm to an angry
drunk who already probably punched you
once also his laptop is password
protected so I don't even know how it
would upload the video review anyway
luckily wine box has no password
protection I can have as much as I want
and then magically replace it and he
never mentions anything now I can review
Donkey Kong 64 by my memories and who
cares if anyone sees that
with wine box a small area of purple
liquid can be opinions why the fuck not
I mean what makes people and molecules
[Music]
another digital banana in this tedious
just imagine how it must hurt to go find
patience you know if you find eternity
cage stay to it you sir are the lucky
one you have the freedom from bananas
out here we have no such freedom daddy's
bookmarking web pages about middle-aged
men committing suicide so I am going to
jam your locks with coconuts and not
even key it will work for you anymore
ball games have a breaking point just
like all suicide dad did have a breaking
point they can't keep running the same
code over and over without crashing my
Donkey Kong is just like daddy was eight
years ago
running around desperately looking for
anyone who do an abortion for $27.00
because that's all he had according to
money but that would have been a big
mistake
because it turns out I'm the sequel to
Jesus and abortions are obsolete because
I can just sterilize unfit parents with
my superpowers my flock doesn't grab
barrels
throats they can strangle delicious
Bergquist and then leave the clubs in
daddy's bed
so if he needs to ejaculate inside
something again he can just use
delicious Bergquist and not keeping key
kids he won't give any McDonald's - but
washing machine it after you do it hot
water Sonny Donkey Kong 64 a three star
game
[Music]